docs/pagination.md, before:

# Pagination

`redux-obtain` makes a bunch of assumptions about how your endpoint will respond.

1. Pagination details are sent to your endpoint in the request body through a POST request.
2. Sending `offset: 0` and `limit: 100` in the request body will have the endpoint respond with the first 100 results
3. Sending `orderBys: [{ column: 'columnKey', direction: 'ASC' }]` to the endpoint will result in the results being sorted on the column `columnKey` in an Ascending order.
4. The endpoint responds with a `totalCount` field which contains an integer that indicates the total number of entries this paginated resources has.

## Example

```javascript
import React from "react"
import { fetcher } from "redux-obtain"

const LongList = ({ data, loading, error, paginationFunctions }) => {
    if (loading) {
        return <div>Loading</div>
    }
    if (error) {
        return <div>Error</div>
    }
    return (
        <div>
            <button
                onClick={() =>
                    paginationFunctions._loadMoreRows({ startIndex: 100, stopIndex: 300 })
                }
            >
                Load 200 more
            </button>
            <ul>{data.list.map((item, index) => <li key={index}>{item.value}</li>)}</ul>
        </div>
    )
}

const LongListContainer = fetcher({
    name: "LONG_LIST",
    // method: POST is not required because all paginated calls are POST requests
    endpoint: "/long_list",
    paginationKey: "list", // IMPORTANT: the presence of this key is what enables pagination
    defaultOrderBys: []
})

export default LongListContainer
```

Commit message:

don't force paginated requests to be GET

docs/pagination.md, after:

# Pagination

`redux-obtain` makes a bunch of assumptions about how your endpoint will respond.

1. Pagination details are sent to your endpoint in the URL params. This can be any kind of request (GET, POST, etc).
2. Sending `offset: 0` and `limit: 100` in the request body will have the endpoint respond with the first 100 results
3. Sending `orderBys: [{ column: 'columnKey', direction: 'ASC' }]` to the endpoint will result in the results being sorted on the column `columnKey` in an Ascending order.
4. The endpoint responds with a `totalCount` field which contains an integer that indicates the total number of entries this paginated resources has.

## Example

```javascript
import React from "react"
import { fetcher } from "redux-obtain"

const LongList = ({ data, loading, error, paginationFunctions }) => {
    if (loading) {
        return <div>Loading</div>
    }
    if (error) {
        return <div>Error</div>
    }
    return (
        <div>
            <button
                onClick={() =>
                    paginationFunctions._loadMoreRows({ startIndex: 100, stopIndex: 300 })
                }
            >
                Load 200 more
            </button>
            <ul>{data.list.map((item, index) => <li key={index}>{item.value}</li>)}</ul>
        </div>
    )
}

const LongListContainer = fetcher({
    name: "LONG_LIST",
    method: "GET",
    endpoint: "/long_list",
    paginationKey: "list", // IMPORTANT: the presence of this key is what enables pagination
    defaultOrderBys: []
})

export default LongListContainer
```
